Docs refresh + dedicated Wormhole section for EVM developers (#60)
ripple/docs.xrplevm.org: pages/bridge/wormhole/index.md

---

> blurb: Wormhole interoperability on the XRPL EVM Sidechain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seo:
  description: Wormhole interoperability on the XRPL EVM Sidechain.
```

labels:
  - Interoperability
---

# Wormhole

> [Wormhole](https://wormhole.com/) is a decentralized interoperability platform that connects the **XRPL EVM Sidechain** with more than 40 blockchain networks, including Ethereum, Solana, Base, Arbitrum, and the wider EVM ecosystem. Wormhole is **live on XRPL EVM**, giving EVM developers cross-chain messaging, token transfers, and multichain token issuance out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Wormhole](https://wormhole.com/) is a decentralized interoperability platform that connects the **XRPL EVM Sidechain** with more than 40 blockchain networks, including Ethereum, Solana, Base, Arbitrum, and the wider EVM ecosystem. Wormhole gives EVM developers cross-chain messaging, token transfers, and multichain token issuance out of the box.
```
Don't think we need to mention it's live now, since we should be ideally publishing docs only if something is actually live.
